fix: add missing migrate and migrate.sh (#932)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/reference/extensions/spring-boot-framework.rst

        - base-files_tmp

``parts`` > ``spring-boot-framework/assets`` > ``stage``
=========================================================

> Some files, if they exist in the project root, are included by
> default in the rock in the ``/app`` directory.  These include:
> ``migrate`` and ``migrate.sh``.

Reviewer: It looks like @erinecon's change got mistakenly reverted in https://github.com/canonical/rockcraft/pull/932/commits/3e606a31317ca67230fd79cb50b291d79dc03d34.

```suggestion
Some files, if they exist in the project's root directory, are included in the rock's
``/app`` directory by default.  These include ``migrate`` and ``migrate.sh``.
```

If these are the only two files where this is true, we could also go a step further with something like:

```suggestion
If ``migrate`` or ``migrate.sh`` exist in the project's root directory, they will be
included in the rock's ``/app`` directory by default.
```

You can customise the files to include by overriding the ``stage`` property
of the ``spring-boot-framework/assets`` part:

.. code-block:: yaml
  :caption: rockcraft.yaml

  parts:

>     go-framework/assets:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    spring-boot-framework/assets:
```
